dist/README.md, before:

# Professional README Generator
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)  
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator)](https://github.com/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator/issues) [![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator)](https://github.com/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator/graphs/contributors) ![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)
## Description
This project is a command-line applicatoin that generates a professional README.md file from a user's input.
## Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
To use this application, please install: 
```
npm install
```
  
## Usage
Open terminal/bash, make sure you are in the correct directory, once you are in the correct  directory run the commmand "node index.js"
  
## License
This application is licensed under the MIT license.
  
## Contributing
fork the repo to your GitHub, edit the code, and submit a pull request
  
## Tests
To run tests on the application, run the following command:
```
npm test
```
  
## Questions
If you have any questions about the repo, please [open an issue](https://github.com/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator/issues) or contact me via email at hannahkchung88@gmail.com. You can find more of my work on my GitHub, [hannybear88](https://github.com/hannybear88/).

Commit message:

put correct link for generated readme in readme.md for the repo

dist/README.md, after:

# Professional README Generator
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)  
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator)](https://github.com/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator/issues) [![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator)](https://github.com/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator/graphs/contributors) 
## Description
This project is a command-line application that generates a professional README.md file from a user's input. This will be something very valuable to know and learn. 
## Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
To use this application, please install: 
```
npm install
```
  
## Usage
Open the command-line, make sure you are in the directory you want, when you are in that directory run the command "node index.js" answer the folliwng questions promted to you, be sure to enter required fields and select from optional additional fields when available, once you have completed answering hte questions, then the README file will be generated in hte ./dist folder.
  
## License
This application is licensed under the MIT license.
  
## Contributing
If you would like to contribute, first fork the repo to your own GitHub account, secondly edit the code, then submit a pull request. 
  
## Tests
To run tests on the application, run the following command:
```
npm test
```
  
## Questions
If you have any questions about the repo, please [open an issue](https://github.com/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator/issues) or contact me via email at hannahkchung88@gmail.com. You can find more of my work on my GitHub, [hannybear88](https://github.com/hannybear88/).
